c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\DemoAzureStorage.dll.config
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\DemoAzureStorage.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\DemoAzureStorage.pdb
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\obj\Debug\DemoAzureStorage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\obj\Debug\DemoAzureStorage.dll
c:\users\naxeterg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DemoAzureStorage\DemoAzureStorage\obj\Debug\DemoAzureStorage.pdb
